{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create a 12-second cinematic LEGO sci-fi video in 16:9.\
The entire scene is made of LEGO bricks with realistic plastic texture, visible studs, and authentic minifigure proportions.\
Single continuous shot. Waist-up framing only. 
\f1\b Do not zoom in or out; keep the camera static.
\f0\b0 \
A female LEGO Space Captain minifigure appears via CAPLINK holographic transmission from a LEGO-built space headquarters control room. She 
\f1\b gestures naturally with her hands while speaking
\f0\b0 .\
In the background, a LEGO lab assistant minifigure quietly works at LEGO-built consoles and holographic displays. Subtle hologram shimmer and light scan-line distortion.\
Spoken dialogue in a calm, instructive female voice:\
Seconds 1\'963:\uc0\u8232 \'93These symbols behind the alien structures tell you which buttons interact with them.\'94\u8232 
\f1\b Overlay:
\f0\b0  A glowing holographic game controller appears above the alien structure, showing all buttons.\
Seconds 4\'966:\uc0\u8232 \'93The four circles correspond to X, Y, A, and B buttons.\'94\u8232 
\f1\b Overlay:
\f0\b0  Four glowing circular holograms appear over the structure, each labeled X, Y, A, B.\
Seconds 7\'969:\uc0\u8232 \'93The grey circle is the direction pad.\'94\u8232 
\f1\b Overlay:
\f0\b0  A glowing grey circular hologram appears over the structure representing the D-pad.\
Seconds 10\'9612:\uc0\u8232 \'93The black quarter circles are R1 and L1.\'94\u8232 
\f1\b Overlay:
\f0\b0  Two glowing black quarter-circle holograms appear over the structure for R1 and L1, each with a small glowing circle underneath.\
Audio: Clean speech, light transmission static, no music.\
}