{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create a 12-second cinematic LEGO sci-fi video in 16:9.\
The entire scene is made of LEGO bricks with realistic plastic texture, visible studs, and authentic minifigure proportions.\
Single continuous shot. Waist-up framing only. 
\f1\b Do not zoom in or out; keep the camera static.
\f0\b0 \
A female LEGO Space Captain minifigure appears via CAPLINK holographic transmission. She 
\f1\b moves naturally while speaking, gesturing with her hands and arms
\f0\b0 , occasionally leaning slightly. Subtle blue hologram shimmer and light scan-line distortion. Background is a blurred LEGO-built futuristic space command center.\
Overlay: A holographic display showing a LEGO-style alien planet 
\f1\b exploding in slow motion
\f0\b0 , timed to coincide with her second line of dialogue.\
Clear spoken dialogue in a calm but urgent female voice.\
Seconds 1\'964:\uc0\u8232 \'93Commander, the alien planet is destabilizing.\'94\
Seconds 5\'968:\uc0\u8232 \'93It will explode in six minutes.\'94 \'97 
\f1\b she gestures dramatically as the holographic planet erupts in slow-motion explosion
\f0\b0 \
Seconds 9\'9612:\uc0\u8232 \'93You must return the rover to the bunker before the final evacuation ship departs.\'94\
Audio: Clean speech, light transmission static, no music overpowering voice.\
}